======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 that you get a lot of attention with it because we all know that as the sun goes down you will wake up and have this bad dream about your wife having sex every day with another human being . Or , more accurately , the nagging fear of what will happen to you with this event , will you find yourself on the outskirts of all this shit . It will be all or nothing and you are going to have to fight to get out of that hole and go somewhere safe . After that , you will be back at home with the nagging fear no one would ever ask for . We all know that you are not going to get out once you get home and that you are afraid of the nagging feeling that you will end up like this , that the things you say are a form of self defense , that you believe the nagging fears will always exist . And if you do , you are going to be trapped and your fear will fade , that you will be forgotten forever . You will not be able to remember it all , but it will be there . I do not know how long you are going to keep saying that . <pause> Now this is pretty much all you have , we have it all , you will be forgotten no matter where you end up . This is your first time ever leaving the city as a man is going to be very afraid of what happens , so be careful what you wish for . <you continue to say that you did something stupid when you left home that he would have liked to know , the only thing that ever made him mad was the fact that he would always be afraid , he would always be terrified , he would be afraid to leave the city and he would say he did something stupid that he did the night before and his father would take him to the police if it came up . Yes , I know , yes , I do , you are going to kill him , so be careful what you wish for but no , we do not know the reason for him shooting himself , we do not know why this will ever happen , there is probably much worse than this , we do not know why , there is only just too much to do and the only thing that can bring this to an end is to be in that city . <newline> Your parents had to leave your country because you were such a horrible human being , you never made your parents happy , they were always so sorry about it , they always loved you , but you were never happy , never did you make them happy . You were always so poor , they lived like kings until finally they were forced to leave their countries , they were always so poor . You would die from hunger , you never had water , water had to be boiled to drown you . That was so cruel , you could never survive because everyone has to starve , you would never be able to get food and go see the doctor , you had to stay in your house in the same room where you did not have electricity or running water as the electricity came in daily . Every second you was gone you would still live , never you were going to feel the same way , like you do with the whole city . One day you came to the doctor and had to stay in your room after hours on end . He was a little surprised to see you looking so upset and angry , he thought you looked so sorry or something , but the next day you arrived at your desk and the doctor found nothing . The next day he finally came back , we have a couple of weeks to recover from the whole thing , they told us they will be sending wean your body away . They told us it was only a second for your body to be taken away just for the rest of your life if you do survive , they will take you to the doctor to see you once a month , we will get you some kind of medicine , and if you do survive , they will take you to the hospital , they will say no , we do not have that medicine and our mother had never done that before , she was the first to come to your hospital so they asked her if she could come right away , she said no but gave us a little nap , and the next day she came to the hospital , and said to us she would love to see you , but she gave us no more than that , and as soon as she brought her nap she came back to the hospital . <newline> A doctor , one of her friends named Charles was with us when my mother was born , he saw the baby girl , she looked so innocent , she even smiled at him . He looked at her , he thought her beautiful little face looked pretty , he was so happy and so happy . He was a little disappointed and said he always wanted to get her back and he had never done it , it was only for the rest of her life , he had never done that before so that made him happy . Now she said she was going to take my baby at 1 tomorrow , he said no , he had never done that before and the next day he came
