======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 spaceship had crashed on a random planet . As the last planet closed with us there was no need for me to ask where the others were , so no one will be contacting me , I will have no clue what planet they are , until i finish the transmission . I will write the transcript in the same day . <newline> <newline> There was many planets to choose from , but they all had a similar appearance , just like ours . I was surprised at how much difference a small planet could make in terms of how we got there and were there in the first place , and what the consequences would have been . This planet did have one small flaw that made us wonder what was happening to them , but we knew what we had to do . We knew from the off that this planet was not to be trusted , and we would bring the best of the best together for the betterment of everyone . I looked away and turned to the last planet with a very small amount of respect to the Earth , just as i had done to the other one , so I knew that it would be a long message to be sent to someone that was missing and would be missed . <newline> <newline> On the other side i knew that one of the small planets had a much larger threat , that one had the same name as ours . As he left our planet it began to rain , and we had no choice but to use the most sensitive lights that could find the light source . I looked at all of the other stars that were around all of the planets and wondered , is it time ? Was it then or was it then that the rain began to get bigger , that the sky became darker and darker ... . that the last planet 's atmosphere was wetter... <newline> <|endoftext|>
[WP] Make me cry with one of your most iconic and beloved lyrics <|startoftext|> I ’ m just a child . A boy . A boy . I did n't know myself that well when I was young , but I knew what it felt like to be alone . I learned the world outside the village . I learned the wonders of the village and the wonders of village , and how to survive there . I learned to fly a kite , and how to fish . I learned that in those little moments of solitude , that there is a great difference between what is not a village and the village that is . I learned that I belong nowhere , and that all I have in the world is the village that is . Now , I have my own village but I am not here anymore , I am not allowed to leave this village for a long time , and it hurts to even think about walking through this village again . <newline> <newline> When I was old enough I decided that I liked the idea of being gone and being alone . I decided that I liked to be alone . So I started looking for the place . I saw it one town over . Well it took some time but I finally found it . The town , that was . I found this village one and a half miles away from the village , where all of the villagers lived . I went there . I took the money , the village , and I started to think about what I would name my village and how . I put that money down and started to gather the villagers . I did n't know that these villages were the place where I would find my people . I had to ask them each what kind of village they lived in . After hearing that I knew the answer to every question that came of any of the villagers . The village that I was looking for was about a mile and a half way back . I wanted to help the villagers here . Maybe they know how to live in the village . Maybe they should help me . It took time to collect and organize the villagers . I also tried to collect the villagers and teach them to live in this village . I talked to one of the villagers . He asked me some more questions about what kind of village it is . I told him about the village that he lived in before he said that . I asked him what was the village , why its name , and whether it was a good place to live . The village I had heard that was a long way away . He went on to tell me that there was a small town that was right around one and a half miles behind the village . It would be a good place to stay and eat and live your life . He started to explain about the town . I told him about the village that has everything a village needs to survive . I told him how this village has many advantages of living here . I told him that all the villagers here had a great place to live . This village is beautiful . He told me that it was also very quiet and kept the animals indoors . He explained about the villagers ’ home . I told him all of the things that it was like . He seemed fascinated with this village and about this village , he asked me about living in the village
